<h2><a href=https://www.codewars.com/kata/55aac03755b0264947000138/train/javascript target="_blank">Creating Elements with React</a></h2><h3>7 kyu</h3><p>React is "A JavaScript library for building user interfaces". It's become a popular option amongst JavaScript frameworks and now it's supported in Codewars! </p><p>For this first React Kata, we'll be exploring how to create elements with React. React has a high level method  <a href="https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/top-level-api.html#react.createelement" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">React.createElement</a> for exactly this purpose. It's usage is as simple as: </p><pre><code class="language-javascript"><span class="cm-variable">React</span>.<span class="cm-property">createElement</span>(<span class="cm-string">'div'</span>, { <span class="cm-property">prop</span>: <span class="cm-string">'value'</span> }, <span class="cm-string">'Hello world!'</span>); </code></pre><p>Where the first argument is the element tag, the second argument is the element's properties and the third tag is the content you want to add into the element. </p><p>Your task is to create two wrapper methods called <code>createElement</code> and <code>createUnorderedList</code> for our own purposes. </p><p>The <code>createElement</code> method should take in a <code>content</code>, <code>tag</code>, and <code>properties</code>, similar to the React method. We should be able to call this method with just content like <code>createElement('Hello World')</code> and by default it should create a div with the content "Hello World". </p><p>The <code>createUnorderedList</code> method should take in <code>list</code>, which is an array strings and create a ul element, whose children are li elements containing the values from the list. Given an array <code>['apples', 'oranges', 'bananas']</code>, the <code>createUnorderedList</code> method should return a react element with this heirarchy:</p><pre><code class="language-html">&lt;ul&gt;  &lt;li&gt;apples&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;oranges&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;bananas&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt;</code></pre><p>Also, React suggests that you <em>always</em> supply a key property when <a href="http://facebook.github.io/react/docs/multiple-components.html#dynamic-children" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">creating dynamic children</a> so be sure to create a unique key for each child li created.</p><p>For more general information about React <a href="https://facebook.github.io/react/index.html" data-turbolinks="false" target="_blank">check out the docs!</a></p>